.TH "ILBMVIEWER" "1" "January 2012" "ilbmviewer 0.1" "Command Reference"
.SH "NAME"
ilbmviewer \- View a collection of ILBM images inside an IFF file
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
\fBilbmviewer\fR [\fIoptions\fR] \fIfile.IFF\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
The command \fBilbmviewer\fR displays ILBM images stored inside an IFF file.
.SH "FUNCTION KEYS"
.PP
While viewing ILBM images, the following function keys can be used:
.PP
\fBPAGE UP\fR
.RS 4
Displays the previous ILBM image inside the IFF file.
.RE
.PP
\fBPAGE DOWN\fR, \fBSPACE\fR
.RS 4
Displays the next ILBM image inside the IFF file.
.RE
.PP
\fBTAB\fR
.RS 4
Turns color cycling mode for Deluxe Paint and Graphicraft color ranges on or off
.RE
.PP
\fBF\fR
.RS 4
Turns fullscreen mode on or off
.RE
.PP
\fBUP\fR, \fBDOWN\fR, \fBLEFT\fR, \fBRIGHT\fR
.RS 4
Changes the horizontal or vertical display offset, if the window page size is smaller than the actual image size
.RE
.PP
\fBS\fR
.RS 4
Turns stretch mode on or off. Stretch mode tries to make the window size equal to the actual image size
.RE
.PP
\fBESACPE\fR
.RS 4
Quits the viewer
.RE
.PP
.SH "OPTIONS"
.PP
\fB-f\fR, \fB\-\-format\fR
.RS 4
Specifies to which output format the ILBM image should be converted. Values can be
\fBchunky\fR to use 8-bit chunky graphics, \fBrgb\fR to use 32-bit RGB graphics.
\fBauto\fR can be used to automatically pick the most suitable option, which is
used by default.
.RE
.PP
\fB-C\fR, \fB\-\-cycle\fR
.RS 4
Turn cycle mode on by default
.RE
.PP
\fB-s\fR, \fB\-\-stretch\fR
.RS 4
Do not clip the picture inside the page but stretch it to its full size
.RE
.PP
\fB-c\fR, \fB\-\-correct-aspect\fR
.RS 4
Specifies the scale factor of a lowres pixel to properly correct its aspect ratio. Possible values are: \fBauto\fR, \fBnone\fR, \fB2\fR, \fB4\fR
.RE
.PP
\fB-F\fR, \fB\-\-fullscreen\fR
.RS 4
Views the picture in full screen
.RE
.PP
\fB-n\fR, \fB\-\-number\fR
.RS 4
Displays the n-th picture inside the IFF scrap file. Defaults to: 0
.RE
.PP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
.RS 4
Shows the usage of this command to the user
.RE
.PP
.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
\fBSander van der Burg\fR
.br
.RS 4
Author
.RE
.SH "COPYRIGHT"
.br
Copyright \(co 2012 Sander van der Burg
.br
